Update about.md (#676)
exercism/perl5: concepts/arrays-and-lists/about.md

scalar ('Alice', 'Bob', 'Charlie'); # 'Charlie' (and some warnings).
```

> Read more in the following article: [What is the difference between a list and an array?][perlfaq4listarray]

Reviewer: We  could still call it a FAQ since that is what it links to.

Reviewer: Indeed, we **should** use the word FAQ, since it not only describes the link, it also describes where to find it locally: `perldoc perlfaq4`.   It is what it is rather than an article.

Author: LGTM. I just wanted to fix the spelling and dead link.

> Read more in the following article: [What is the difference between a list and an array?][perlfaq4listarray]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more in the following FAQ: [What is the difference between a list and an array?][perlfaq4listarray]
```

> Read more in the following article: [What is the difference between a list and an array?](https://perldoc.pl/perlfaq4#What-is-the-difference-between-a-list-and-an-array?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more in the following article: [What is the difference between a list and an array?][perlfaq4listarray]
```

Shouldn't it be like this?

Author: Will that make the shortcode work? (perlfaq4listarray) 

I'm not really sure how the shortcodes work, so I was just putting the perlfaq4 there

Reviewer: The square brackets and then square brackets would work to give a display that is different than the link reference.

The URL did not change, and so I think that the use of `()` was the problem ,rather than the URI that it is meant to link to.

Reviewer: You can even give it a try in the github comment area and hit preview to see what you see.

Author: I'm sure I'm just clicking the wrong place, but it says 'Nothing to Preview' everywhere I've checked.

I'll just update the PR with the requested changes; can always update some more if that doesn't fix it (which I would imagine it will based on your familiarity with this)
